cf-font/README.md, before:



## Consolas For Powerline
 - **Version :** based on [consolas v5.33](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas)
 - **Characters :**

| Codepoint  | Character                |
| :---:      | :---                     |
| `"\uE0A0"` | Branch                   |
| `"\uE0A1"` | Line number              |
| `"\uE0A2"` | Padlock (read-only)      |
| `"\uE0A3"` | Column number            |
| `"\uE0B0"` | Right angle solid        |
| `"\uE0B1"` | Right angle line         |
| `"\uE0B2"` | Left angle solid         |
| `"\uE0B3"` | Left angle line          |
| `"\uE0B4"` | Left half circle line    |
| `"\uE0B5"` | Left half circle line    |
| `"\uE0B6"` | Right half circle line   |
| `"\uE0B7"` | Right half circle line   |
| `"\uE0B8"` | Bottom-left angle solid  |
| `"\uE0B9"` | Bottom-left angle line   |
| `"\uE0BA"` | Bottom-right angle solid |
| `"\uE0BB"` | Bottom-right angle line  |
| `"\uE0BC"` | Top-left angle solid     |
| `"\uE0BD"` | Top-left angle line      |
| `"\uE0BE"` | Top-right angle solid    |
| `"\uE0BF"` | Top-right angle line     |

 - **Glyphs:**

![Glyph](./glyph.png)

Commit message:

docs(cf-font): Add example.png

cf-font/README.md, after:



## Consolas For Powerline
 - **Introduction:** This font work nice with gvim in my windows.

![example](./example.png)

 - **Version :** Based on [consolas v5.33](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Consolas)
 - **Characters :**

| Codepoint  | Character                |
| :---:      | :---                     |
| `"\uE0A0"` | Branch                   |
| `"\uE0A1"` | Line number              |
| `"\uE0A2"` | Padlock (read-only)      |
| `"\uE0A3"` | Column number            |
| `"\uE0B0"` | Right angle solid        |
| `"\uE0B1"` | Right angle line         |
| `"\uE0B2"` | Left angle solid         |
| `"\uE0B3"` | Left angle line          |
| `"\uE0B4"` | Left half circle line    |
| `"\uE0B5"` | Left half circle line    |
| `"\uE0B6"` | Right half circle line   |
| `"\uE0B7"` | Right half circle line   |
| `"\uE0B8"` | Bottom-left angle solid  |
| `"\uE0B9"` | Bottom-left angle line   |
| `"\uE0BA"` | Bottom-right angle solid |
| `"\uE0BB"` | Bottom-right angle line  |
| `"\uE0BC"` | Top-left angle solid     |
| `"\uE0BD"` | Top-left angle line      |
| `"\uE0BE"` | Top-right angle solid    |
| `"\uE0BF"` | Top-right angle line     |

 - **Glyphs:**

![Glyph](./glyph.png)
